# Monitor

Improve the speed inference method. Currently we use the average over a period of time, but similar to how measuring the speed in an electric motor, the rate at which a producer is capable of uploading is multiple times bigger than the actual speed at which data is being written to the partitions.

There are two scopes of speed that can be considered, which depend on the sampling period at which the speed is to be measured. 
1. The smaller the sampling period, the more the speed approaches the upload rate at which the consumer is capable of writing to the partitions.
2. For bigger sampling periods, we approach a higher level speed, which represents the rate at which the producer is inserting data into the partition, and not necessarily the upload rate.

# Consumer

Dynamic way to determine the consumer's bin capacity. Currently a single test is performed in the consumer's environment to determine the speed at which the consumer is capable of reading data from a topic. A new method is suggested where the controller monitors the speed at which the consumers are reading data, and if the consumer should be working at it's fullest capacity, then the speed it is managing to consume data from the partitions is then considered it's bin size, which can then be used in the controller's process.

# Controller

## Reassign Algorithm

1. Using a balanced binary tree to hold the created bins to improve the performance of the algorithm.

## Group Management

1. Time it takes for the controller to launch new consumer instances.
2. sending the rebalance messages to the already available instances.
3. 