# Overview

wraps python's list type, to specifically deal with a list of DataConsumer
instances. It is possible that certain positions of this list contain the value
None, as it represents the consumer not existing.

# Attributes

`available_indices`: list of indices where the current value held at each
position is `None`. This list is a sorted list.

`map_partition_consumer`: Holds a map from each partition to the consumer that
is assigned to it within the calling `ConsumerList` instance.


# Methods

`create_bin(self, idx)`: creates a consumer. If the idx is specified, then the
consumer is created at position `idx`, otherwise, a consumer is created at the
lowest available index stored in the `available_indices` attribute. If there are
no available indices, then a new consumer is appended. If the index is not
provided then the index is returned, otherwise the return value is None.

`get_idx(self, idx)`: returns the Consumer that finds itself at the position
specified by idx, otherwise it returns None.

`remove_bin(self, idx)`: Removes the consumer that finds itself in the position
specified by idx. 

`assign_partition_consumer(self, idx, tp)`: assigns the partition passed on in
`tp`, to the consumer specified by the `idx` parameter.

`get_consumer(self, tp)`: using the partition passed in the parameter `tp`,
determine which consumer within the calling ConsumerList instance is currently
assigned to it.

`__sub__(self, other)`: Performs the subtraction between 2 `ConsumerList`
instances, returning an instance of `GroupManagement`. This function is to be
used to determine the operations that have to be performed, to manage a consumer
group to reach it's final state.

`__repr__(self)`: string representation of the calling instance.

`partitions(self)`: returns all the partitions that are assigned to all the
consumers within the consumer list.
