# Cover Letter

While working in several fast-paced technological companies, I obtained unique opportunities to work in different computing domains ranging from large-scale analytics and software development to data science and engineering. The experience obtained in these positions molded my research interests into the fields of distributed event-driven systems, resource management and provisioning, telemetry data monitoring and analysis and pareto optimisation paired with trade-off analysis, among others. 

The first hand experience with my current research interests took place while working in four different positions. At SONAE (Porto), the position focused on analysing and detecting fraudulent user activity using statistics and machine learning approaches. During my research grant awarded to me by the University of New South Wales, Australia, I had the opportunity to work on a vehicle platooning problem that aimed to optimise the physical layer security in a platoon's communication. The studied solution involved computation offloading to solve a non-linear optimisation problem to determine a vehicle's carrier and compute power to maximise secrecy. As for my research position at HUUB (Porto), I was hired by the company to solve a bottleneck in their ETL process that was occurring when ingesting data from their Kafka data source. It was in this context that my interest in Distributed Event-Driven Systems emerged, which is also the reason why I chose my Masters' thesis on the topic. 

