I am writing to apply for the PhD position on Performance Observability in Edge-to-Cloud Continuum, within the department of Information and Computing Sciences, at Utrecht University, advertised on the university's website. I graduated from the Masters in Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Porto, with a grade of 17/20 (\textbf{awarded to the top 10-15\% of the class}). I am currently a Data Engineer at Maersk, having been hired while developing my Masters' thesis to solve a monitoring and provisioning problem presented by the company. 

My research interests, molded by my academic pursuits during my masters and my experience in the Software industry, strongly relate with problems within the distributed systems domain. More specifically, I have had the opportunity to work with problems related to resource management, observability and optimisation in resource provisioning, which provided me with a glimpse of the numerous problems that have yet to be solved in this field, and their intriguing complexity. I was first exposed to this field during my Masters' thesis, where the aim was to determine the amount of computing resources required to parallelize data consumption, so as to guarantee the consumption rate is at least as high as the rate at which data is being produced. The solution comprehended a system with three interacting components, responsible for measuring the system's state, provisioning the resources and distributing the tasks between the instances. In collaboration with Professor Jorge Barbosa, a paper is currently being prepared to be submitted to IEEE Transactions on Cloud Computing. The system is also currently in use at the company, and the final grade of the thesis was awarded a grade of 19/20 (\textbf{the highest grade of the class of 2021/22}).

Although I have never held a formal teaching position, I have always enjoyed being able to share my knowledge, having tutored IBDP maths for students applying to university for the past five years. This tested my ability to understand other perspectives whilst striving to explain the same concept in different ways to students with varying levels of understanding, a necessity inherent to any tutoring position. As such, the teaching responsibilities related to this position would provide me with an additional source of development in the world of academia which makes the position even more appealing to me.
