# Overview

This is where the controller sends records to each consumer to change their consumption metadata to attempt to change their state into the desired configuration.

# Procedure

The controller initially creates all the deployments (consumers) that have to be provisioned for the proposed configuration from the algorithm (the previous state).

Comparing the current assignment, and the future assignment (what state each consumer has to end up in at the end of the execution of this state), the controller sends out StopConsumingCommand to all the consumer's that own partitions that have to be reassigned.

It then reaches a state where it is simply waiting for acknowledgement from the consumers that they have stopped consuming from the partitions included in the StopConsumingCommand.
This means that for each StopConsumingCommand, a StopConsumingEvent is expected.

When the controller receives a StopConsumingEvent, it then creates a StartConsumingCommand for each Consumer that has to start consuming for partitions that are already available for consumption. As soon as all paritions within the StopConsumeEvent, the StartConsumeCommand messages can be sent to their respective consumers.

Only after the controller has received all the StartConsumeEvent for all the partitions that have to be assigned, does it transition back to the first state.

# Tasks

1. Define the template deployment configuration for all the consumers.
2. Determine the consumer deployments that have to be created.
3. Procedure to prepare all the StopConsumeCommand messages.
4. Procedure to create StartConsumeCommand messages after a StopConsumeEvent message.
5. Define the transition to trigger the change in state on the controller to the first.
