# Overview

This class emulates a topic in Kafka with added attributes that are required for the system to function. Each class is described by it's string identifier in the kafka cluster, but within the HUUB ecosystem, it also required to know from which `Topic` class to consume from, and more specifically within the DataEngineering context, it also requires to know to which bigquery table to forward the data to.

An instance of this class is supposed to be assigned to a single consumer, and as such is also a representation of a subset of partitions of all the partitions that belong to the topic within the cluster, which represent the partitions a consumer (is) / (is to start) consuming from.

# Attributes

`topic_class`: record containing the module path and the class identifier within the module. 
`topic_name`: string that uniquely identifies the topic within the kafka cluster.
`partitions`: instance of PartitionSet indicating a subset of partitions that have some kind of mapping to a consumer. 
`combined_speed`: the combined write speed of all the partitions within this topic instance.

# Methods

`update_partition_speed(self, tp)`: update the speed of a partition that belongs to the partition set in assigned assigned to the calling topic insance. 
`add_partition(self, tp)`: Adds the partition `tp` to the partition set, modifying the combined speed while doing so.
`remove_partition(self, tp)`: removes the partition `tp` from the partition set and updates the combined speed variable.
`copy(self)`: Creates another instance of `TopicConsumer` initialized to the same state as the calling instance finds itself in.
`__repr__(self)`: String representation of the instance.
`to_record(self)`: returns a record of this instance which can then be used to be serialized using the DEControllerSchema.