# Overview

Contains the information regarding a consumer's state. It can be related to it's current, future, or delta. Delta means the changes that have to be made to the current consumer to reach it's final state. 

# Attributes

`consumer_id`: Unique identifier that indicates the consumer this instance
refers to.

`assignment`: `TopicDictConsumer` instance that holds information as for the
topics and partitions the current instance holds.

`combined_speed`: The total write speed of all partitions that are assigned to
the consumer.

# Methods

`__hash__(self)`: Uses the calling instance's `consumer_id` attribute to obtain a
hash value.

`__eq__(self, other)`: Compares whether the two instance's of type DataConsumer
hold the same `consumer_id` attribute

`update_partition_speed(self, partition, value)`: Updates the current instance of the partition held within the
calling instance to the specified value, and modifies the instance's attributes
as necessary.

`add_partition(self, partition)`: Adds the specified partition to the
assignment. If the partition's topic is already created in the assignment, then
it is simply added to it's PartitionSet, otherwise a TopicConsumer instance is
created, and this partition added to it.

`fits(self, tp)`: Verifies whether the calling instance has space to fit the
partition passed on through tp. This verification uses the instance's
combined_speed and verifies whether including the new partition would exceed the
value defined in the config `ALGO_CAPACITY`.

`__repr__(self)`: String representation of the calling instance.

`__lt__(self, other)`: Compares whether self is smaller than other, 2 instances
of type `DataConsumer`. This is done using both instance's `consumer_id` attribute.
  - Note: other can be an instance of NoneType, and in this case, any consumer
      with an id has a value bigger than other.

`parititons(self)`: returns a new PartitionSet, which holds all the partition
that are within the `assignment` attribute of the calling instance.

`__sub__(self, other)`: computes the difference in assignment between 2
instances of type DataConsumer. 
