> Kubernetes official docs
> https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics/expose/expose-intro/

# Service
> Kubernetes official documentation for services:
> https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/


An abstract way to expose an application running on a set of Pods as a network service. With Kubernetes you don't need to modify your application to use an unfamiliar service discovery mechanism. Kubernetes gives Pods their own IP addresses and a single DNS name for a set of Pods, and can load-balance across them.

## Motivation 

Kubernetes Pods are created and destroyed to match the state of your cluster. Pods are nonpermanent resources. If you use a Deployment to run your app, it can create and destroy Pods dynamically.

Each Pod gets its own IP address, however in a Deployment, the set of Pods running in one moment in time could be different from the set of Pods running that application a moment later.

This leads to a problem: if some set of Pods (call them "backends") provides functionality to other Pods (call them "frontends") inside your cluster, how do the frontends find out and keep track of which IP address to connect to, so that the frontend can use the backend part of the workload?

## Service Resources

In Kubernetes, a Service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of Pods and a policy by which to access them. The set of Pods targeted by a Service is usually determined by a selector. 

For example, consider a stateless image-processing backend which is running with 3 replicas. Those replicas are fungible—frontends do not care which backend they use. While the actual Pods that compose the backend set may change, the frontend clients should not need to be aware of that, nor should they need to keep track of the set of backends themselves.

The Service abstraction enables this decoupling.

## Defining a Service

A service is a REST object (resource). Like all REST objects, you can POST a Service definition to the API server to create a new instance. The name of the service has to be a valid DNS label name.

For example, suppose you have a set of Pods where each listens on TCP port 9376 and contains a label `app=MyApp`:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: my-service
spec:
  selector:
    app: MyApp
  ports:
    - protocol: TCP
      port: 80
      targetPort: 9376
```

`targetPort`: specifies on which port the application is running 
`port`: specifies on which port the application is running

both of these combined imply that the traffic arriving via port 80 should be redirected to the targetPort 9376.

## Using a service to Expose an App

The set of Pods targetted by a service is usually determined by a LabelSelector.

Although each Pod has a unique IP address, those IPs are not exposed outside the cluster without a Service. Services allow your applications to receive traffic. Services can be exposed in different ways by specifying a `type` in the ServiceSpec.



# Connecting Applications with Services

> Kubernetes official documentation: 
> https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/connect-applications-service/

Containers running on pods can all communicate with each other using localhost. 
Pods running on different nodes can communicate with one another without using NAT, via their own Cluster-IP.




